README.md, before:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.js)|104 ms|
|2|[ Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/2.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers.js)|192 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.js)|64 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.js)|132 ms|
|34|[ Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/34.%20Find%20First%20and%20Last%20Position%20of%20Element%20in%20Sorted%20Array.js)|72 ms|
|35|[ Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position.js)|72 ms|
|49|[ Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/49.%20Group%20Anagrams.js)|124 ms|
|69|[ Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/69.%20Sqrt(x).js)|80 ms|
|75|[ Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/75.%20Sort%20Colors.js)|85 ms|
|83|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List.js)|72 ms|
|100|[ Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/100.%20Same%20Tree.js)|112 ms|
|102|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/102.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.js)|109 ms|
|104|[ Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/104.%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.js)|109 ms|
|105|[ Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/105.%20Construct%20Binary%20Tree%20from%20Preorder%20and%20Inorder%20Traversal.js)|76 ms|
|108|[ Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/108.%20Convert%20Sorted%20Array%20to%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.js)|115 ms|
|112|[ Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/112.%20Path%20Sum.js)|117 ms|
|121|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.js)|96 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.js)|88 ms|
|129|[ Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/129.%20Sum%20Root%20to%20Leaf%20Numbers.js)|96 ms|
|147|[ Insertion Sort List](https://leetcode.com/problems/insertion-sort-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/147.%20Insertion%20Sort%20List.js)|138 ms|
|148|[ Sort List](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/148.%20Sort%20List.js)|184 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.js)|76 ms|
|173|[ Binary Search Tree Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/173.%20Binary%20Search%20Tree%20Iterator.js)|128 ms|
|200|[ Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/200.%20Number%20of%20Islands.js)|98 ms|
|203|[ Remove Linked List Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/203.%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements.js)|92 ms|
|206|[ Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/206.%20Reverse%20Linked%20List.js)|82 ms|
|234|[ Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/234.%20Palindrome%20Linked%20List.js)|164 ms|
|242|[ Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/242.%20Valid%20Anagram.js)|96 ms|
|258|[ Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/258.%20Add%20Digits.js)|96 ms|
|337|[ House Robber III](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-iii/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/337.%20House%20Robber%20III.js)|115 ms|
|387|[ First Unique Character in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/387.%20First%20Unique%20Character%20in%20a%20String.js)|136 ms|
|463|[ Island Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/463.%20Island%20Perimeter.js)|214 ms|
|687|[ Longest Univalue Path](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-univalue-path/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/687.%20Longest%20Univalue%20Path.js)|405 ms|
|706|[ Design HashMap](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/706.%20Design%20HashMap.js)|478 ms|
|739|[ Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/739.%20Daily%20Temperatures.js)|578 ms|
|938|[ Range Sum of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/938.%20Range%20Sum%20of%20BST.js)|310 ms|
|976|[ Largest Perimeter Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-perimeter-triangle/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/976.%20Largest%20Perimeter%20Triangle.js)|104 ms|
|979|[ Distribute Coins in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-coins-in-binary-tree/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/979.%20Distribute%20Coins%20in%20Binary%20Tree.js)|116 ms|
|1002|[ Find Common Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-common-characters/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1002.%20Find%20Common%20Characters.js)|72 ms|
|1305|[ All Elements in Two Binary Search Trees](https://leetcode.com/problems/all-elements-in-two-binary-search-trees/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1305.%20All%20Elements%20in%20Two%20Binary%20Search%20Trees.js)|236 ms|
|1333|[ Filter Restaurants by Vegan-Friendly, Price and Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/filter-restaurants-by-vegan-friendly-price-and-distance/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1333.%20Filter%20Restaurants%20by%20Vegan-Friendly%2C%20Price%20and%20Distance.js)|92 ms|

Commit message:

1319. Number of Operations to Make Network Connected, 181 ms

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.js)|104 ms|
|2|[ Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/2.%20Add%20Two%20Numbers.js)|192 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.js)|64 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.js)|132 ms|
|34|[ Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/34.%20Find%20First%20and%20Last%20Position%20of%20Element%20in%20Sorted%20Array.js)|72 ms|
|35|[ Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position.js)|72 ms|
|49|[ Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/49.%20Group%20Anagrams.js)|124 ms|
|69|[ Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/69.%20Sqrt(x).js)|80 ms|
|75|[ Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/75.%20Sort%20Colors.js)|85 ms|
|83|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List.js)|72 ms|
|100|[ Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/100.%20Same%20Tree.js)|112 ms|
|102|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/102.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.js)|109 ms|
|104|[ Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/104.%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.js)|109 ms|
|105|[ Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/105.%20Construct%20Binary%20Tree%20from%20Preorder%20and%20Inorder%20Traversal.js)|76 ms|
|108|[ Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/108.%20Convert%20Sorted%20Array%20to%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.js)|115 ms|
|112|[ Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/112.%20Path%20Sum.js)|117 ms|
|121|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.js)|96 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.js)|88 ms|
|129|[ Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/129.%20Sum%20Root%20to%20Leaf%20Numbers.js)|96 ms|
|147|[ Insertion Sort List](https://leetcode.com/problems/insertion-sort-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/147.%20Insertion%20Sort%20List.js)|138 ms|
|148|[ Sort List](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/148.%20Sort%20List.js)|184 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.js)|76 ms|
|173|[ Binary Search Tree Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/173.%20Binary%20Search%20Tree%20Iterator.js)|128 ms|
|200|[ Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/200.%20Number%20of%20Islands.js)|98 ms|
|203|[ Remove Linked List Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/203.%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements.js)|92 ms|
|206|[ Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/206.%20Reverse%20Linked%20List.js)|82 ms|
|234|[ Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/234.%20Palindrome%20Linked%20List.js)|164 ms|
|242|[ Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/242.%20Valid%20Anagram.js)|96 ms|
|258|[ Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/258.%20Add%20Digits.js)|96 ms|
|337|[ House Robber III](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-iii/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/337.%20House%20Robber%20III.js)|115 ms|
|387|[ First Unique Character in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/387.%20First%20Unique%20Character%20in%20a%20String.js)|136 ms|
|463|[ Island Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/463.%20Island%20Perimeter.js)|214 ms|
|687|[ Longest Univalue Path](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-univalue-path/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/687.%20Longest%20Univalue%20Path.js)|405 ms|
|706|[ Design HashMap](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/706.%20Design%20HashMap.js)|478 ms|
|739|[ Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/739.%20Daily%20Temperatures.js)|578 ms|
|938|[ Range Sum of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/938.%20Range%20Sum%20of%20BST.js)|310 ms|
|976|[ Largest Perimeter Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-perimeter-triangle/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/976.%20Largest%20Perimeter%20Triangle.js)|104 ms|
|979|[ Distribute Coins in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-coins-in-binary-tree/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/979.%20Distribute%20Coins%20in%20Binary%20Tree.js)|116 ms|
|1002|[ Find Common Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-common-characters/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1002.%20Find%20Common%20Characters.js)|72 ms|
|1305|[ All Elements in Two Binary Search Trees](https://leetcode.com/problems/all-elements-in-two-binary-search-trees/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1305.%20All%20Elements%20in%20Two%20Binary%20Search%20Trees.js)|236 ms|
|1319|[ Number of Operations to Make Network Connected](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-operations-to-make-network-connected/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1319.%20Number%20of%20Operations%20to%20Make%20Network%20Connected.js)|181 ms|
|1333|[ Filter Restaurants by Vegan-Friendly, Price and Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/filter-restaurants-by-vegan-friendly-price-and-distance/)|[JavaScript](./solutions/1333.%20Filter%20Restaurants%20by%20Vegan-Friendly%2C%20Price%20and%20Distance.js)|92 ms|
